README.md, before:

# Data Structures
- [Binary Search Trees](/DataStructures/binary_search_trees.cpp) [Section 3.4 - Skiena]
- [Graphs](/DataStructures/implement_graph.py) [Chapter 6 - GA]
- [Linked List](/DataStructures/linked_list.cpp) [Section 3.1 - Skiena]


# Algorithms
- [Set Covering Problem](/Algorithms/set_covering_problem.py) [Chapter 8 - GA]
- [Binary Search](/Algorithms/binary_search.py) [Chapter 1 - GA]
- [Dijkstra's Algorithm](/Algorithms/dijkstra_algorithm.py) [Chapter 7 - GA]
- [Breadth First Search](/Algorithms/breadth_first_search.py)
[Chapter 6 - GA]
- [Insertion Sort](/Algorithms/insertion_sort.cpp) [Section 2.1 - CLRS]
- [Selection Sort](/Algorithms/selection_sort.py) [Chapter 2 - GA]
- [Quicksort](/Algorithms/quicksort.py) [Chapter 4 - GA]

# Problems
- [Maximum Contiguous Subarray](/Algorithms/maximum_subarray.py) [Section 4.1 - CLRS]

# Books
- [GA] [Grokking Algorithms by Aditya Y. Bhargava](https://www.manning.com/books/grokking-algorithms)
- [CLRS] [Introduction to Algorithms by CLRS - 3rd edition](https://g.co/kgs/9FzkPV)
- [Skiena] [The Algorithm Design Manual by Steven S. Skiena - 2nd edition](https://g.co/kgs/7YhtuZ)

Commit message:

Added max heap using priority queue

README.md, after:

# Data Structures
- [Binary Search Trees](/DataStructures/binary_search_trees.cpp) [Section 3.4 - Skiena]
- [Graphs](/DataStructures/implement_graph.py) [Chapter 6 - GA]
- [Linked List](/DataStructures/linked_list.cpp) [Section 3.1 - Skiena]
- [Max Heap using priority queue](/DataStructures/priority_queue.cpp) [Section 4.3.1 - Skiena]


# Algorithms
- [Set Covering Problem](/Algorithms/set_covering_problem.py) [Chapter 8 - GA]
- [Binary Search](/Algorithms/binary_search.py) [Chapter 1 - GA]
- [Dijkstra's Algorithm](/Algorithms/dijkstra_algorithm.py) [Chapter 7 - GA]
- [Breadth First Search](/Algorithms/breadth_first_search.py)
[Chapter 6 - GA]
- [Insertion Sort](/Algorithms/insertion_sort.cpp) [Section 2.1 - CLRS]
- [Selection Sort](/Algorithms/selection_sort.py) [Chapter 2 - GA]
- [Quicksort](/Algorithms/quicksort.py) [Chapter 4 - GA]

# Problems
- [Maximum Contiguous Subarray](/Algorithms/maximum_subarray.py) [Section 4.1 - CLRS]

# Books
- [GA] [Grokking Algorithms by Aditya Y. Bhargava](https://www.manning.com/books/grokking-algorithms)
- [CLRS] [Introduction to Algorithms by CLRS - 3rd edition](https://g.co/kgs/9FzkPV)
- [Skiena] [The Algorithm Design Manual by Steven S. Skiena - 2nd edition](https://g.co/kgs/7YhtuZ)
- [YT] [Data Structures Playlist on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDV1Zeh2NRsB6SWUrDFW2RmDotAfPbeHu)
